tell you to 10mb showing you how to mod
your like clan painting games on your
xbox there is like a million games on
you all of these games you can mod so
you just have to download this so what
you need is um an account just make an
account register I already have an
account ok when you sign in there you're
gonna there's gonna be a download button
over here ok so just click it and
download it then you will get something
like this yeah okay so when you open it
ok let's say and you can module profile
like your profile color and or another
stuff like games so like your mod
assassin creed Call of Duty and you just
melt a vertical order so you choose your
game and you're not um you might it I
don't have a save game so can't you just
like go to this one you just click open
and your say game should be um you
should bring your savegame from horizon
so you'll I'll put the link in the
description and the link in description
for the Xbox tools so you open up
horizon and let's say you take your game
say even take your game save
and and just drag it to the desktop so
now you just go open Xbox there's six
tools and you go to your doing that you
wanna mod click open you're looking your
desktop the one that you just drag it to
your desktop you look for it and it
should be over here okay now you can mod
your money this GTA IV so you can mod
your money and your weapons everything
when you finish doing that you just
click Save and saves it over here so now
you exit and now you go back to Horizon
and you just drag this and you put it in
horizon and it's gonna ask you which
profile you want to save it in and your
profile should be on your flash drive
when you bring in from your Xbox so just
put it in your flash drive and select it
and it'll just click do an override it
you click yes and and it says filing
package has been successfully safe and
yeah that's it it's easy just download
the link it's in the description and
there's some other games out put them up
put them in this and uh description just
off to see like which games you come on
so you'd be able to see what you want a
modder or do you okay so that's it
please like comment subscribe thank you
guys